README.md, before:

# Azure - Delegated DNS Zone

## Introduction

This module will create a Delegated DNS Zone in an existing DNS zone in Azure. 
* The Terraform credentials being used must have access to both the child and parent subsciptions (they may be the same).
* child_domain_prefix may include multiple subdomains
  - child.domain.prefix.parent.domain

## Input

<!--- BEGIN_TF_DOCS --->
## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| azurerm.child | >= 2.0.0 >= 2.0.0 |
| azurerm.parent | >= 2.0.0 >= 2.0.0 |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:-----:|
| child\_domain\_prefix | child domain prefix (<child\_domain\_prefix>.<parent\_domain>) | `string` | n/a | yes |
| child\_domain\_resource\_group\_name | name of the target resource group | `string` | n/a | yes |
| child\_domain\_subscription\_id | ID of the target subscription | `string` | n/a | yes |
| parent\_domain | pre-existing parent domain in which to create the NS record for the child domain | `string` | n/a | yes |
| parent\_domain\_resource\_group\_name | name of the pre-existing parent resource\_group - This is the owner of the root domain | `string` | n/a | yes |
| parent\_domain\_subscription\_id | ID of the parent subscription - This is the owner of the parent domain | `string` | n/a | yes |
| tags | Tags to be applied to resources (inclusive) | `map(string)` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| id | id of dns child zone |
| name | The DNS zone that has been delegated to you |
<!--- END_TF_DOCS --->

## Example

~~~~
module "dns" {
  source = "github.com/Azure-Terraform/terraform-azurerm-dns-zone.git"

  child_domain_resource_group_name = "child-domain-resource-group"
  child_domain_subscription_id     = "00000-0000-0000-0000-0000000"
  child_domain_prefix              = "prod.west"

  parent_domain_resource_group_name = "parent-domain-resource-group"
  parent_domain_subscription_id     = "11111-1111-1111-1111-111111"
  parent_domain                     = "example.com"

  tags = { "environment" = "production"
           "location"    = "west" }
}

output "domain" {
  value = module.dns.name
}

##### RESULT #####
#Apply complete! Resources: 2 added, 0 changed, 0 destroyed.
#
#Outputs:
#
#domain = prod.west.example.com
~~~~

Commit message:

add outputs for resource_group and subscription_id (#3)
* add outputs for resource_group and subscription_id

* terraform-docs: automated action

Co-authored-by: Tim Miller <tim.miller@risk.lexisnexis.com>
Co-authored-by: dutsmiller <dutsmiller@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Azure - Delegated DNS Zone

## Introduction

This module will create a Delegated DNS Zone in an existing DNS zone in Azure. 
* The Terraform credentials being used must have access to both the child and parent subsciptions (they may be the same).
* child_domain_prefix may include multiple subdomains
  - child.domain.prefix.parent.domain

## Input

<!--- BEGIN_TF_DOCS --->
## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| azurerm.child | >= 2.0.0 >= 2.0.0 |
| azurerm.parent | >= 2.0.0 >= 2.0.0 |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:-----:|
| child\_domain\_prefix | child domain prefix (<child\_domain\_prefix>.<parent\_domain>) | `string` | n/a | yes |
| child\_domain\_resource\_group\_name | name of the target resource group | `string` | n/a | yes |
| child\_domain\_subscription\_id | ID of the target subscription | `string` | n/a | yes |
| parent\_domain | pre-existing parent domain in which to create the NS record for the child domain | `string` | n/a | yes |
| parent\_domain\_resource\_group\_name | name of the pre-existing parent resource\_group - This is the owner of the root domain | `string` | n/a | yes |
| parent\_domain\_subscription\_id | ID of the parent subscription - This is the owner of the parent domain | `string` | n/a | yes |
| tags | Tags to be applied to resources (inclusive) | `map(string)` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| id | id of dns child zone |
| name | The DNS zone that has been delegated to you |
| resource\_group\_name | The resource group which contains the child zone |
| subscription\_id | The subscription\_id which contains the child zone |
<!--- END_TF_DOCS --->

## Example

~~~~
module "dns" {
  source = "github.com/Azure-Terraform/terraform-azurerm-dns-zone.git"

  child_domain_resource_group_name = "child-domain-resource-group"
  child_domain_subscription_id     = "00000-0000-0000-0000-0000000"
  child_domain_prefix              = "prod.west"

  parent_domain_resource_group_name = "parent-domain-resource-group"
  parent_domain_subscription_id     = "11111-1111-1111-1111-111111"
  parent_domain                     = "example.com"

  tags = { "environment" = "production"
           "location"    = "west" }
}

output "domain" {
  value = module.dns.name
}

##### RESULT #####
#Apply complete! Resources: 2 added, 0 changed, 0 destroyed.
#
#Outputs:
#
#domain = prod.west.example.com
~~~~
